chore: Added README.md (#595)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: .github/styles/README.md

# Style Guide
The team follows the Google developer's and the Microsoft's documentation style guide. The style rules are configured with the help of Vale linter.

## Prerequisites
Please ensure that the below prerequisites are met before you configure vale linter. You should have:

> * [Brew](https://brew.sh) installed on your mac/window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Brew](https://brew.sh) installed on your Mac, or [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) installed on your Windows machine.
```

> * Vale installed on your mac/window. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Vale installed on your Mac/Windows machine.
```

Author: We don't really need to use `machine`. Mac/window is understandable.

Reviewer: It doesn't really matter here since this content is for internal use / not for users, but we should probably be careful in other docs that we use "Windows" instead of "window"

> > If not already installed, you could install vale using `brew install vale`. Once installed, verify the version ` vale -v`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If not already installed, you could install vale using `brew install vale` for mac, or `choco install vale` on Windows. Once installed, verify the version ` vale -v`.
```

* Install the [vale extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=errata-ai.vale-server) for VS Code Editor.

## Setup
Clone the documentation [appsmith-docs](https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith-docs) repository and open it in VS Code Editor. Create a branch that you need to work on. Configure the vale extension to read the `.vale.ini` file. Go to Extension Settings --> Select `Workspace` tab --> Set up the path of `.vale.ini` file for `Vale › Vale CLI: Config` parameter. 

> You could use `${workspaceFolder}/.vale.ini` to specify the path. Please note that `${workspaceFolder}` points to the folder that's opened in the VS Code Editor.

Restart the VS code editor and open up any `.md` file to verify the errors if any. The vale linter issues are shown in the problems tab.

## Tips & tricks

> * Add words to be recognized as valid: There could be instances where the linter would raise issues for words as misspelled which are technically correct. For example, `datasource`, `Appsmith` and more. To add these as exceptions, you could navigate to ` .github\styles\Vocab\technical`. Open `accept.txt` file and add the words to it. Vale linter would ensure that these words are treated valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add words to be recognized as valid: There could be instances where the linter would raise issues for words as misspelled, even though they are technically correct. For example, `datasource`, `Appsmith`, and more. To add these exceptions, navigate to ` .github\styles\Vocab\technical`. Open `accept.txt` file and add the words to it. Vale linter will now treat these words as valid and will not raise errors for them.
```

> * Add words to be recognized as invalid: You would want linter to raise errors when some words even if are correct as invalid. To do that, navigate to ` .github\styles\Vocab\technical`. Open `reject.txt` and add the words to it. Vale linter would ensure that the words added are treated as invalid and error are raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add words to be recognized as invalid: There are some words that we want to raise errors, even if they are technically correct. To do that, navigate to ` .github\styles\Vocab\technical`. Open `reject.txt` and add the words to it on new lines. Vale linter ensures that these words are treated as invalid and errors are raised.
```

# Style Guide

> The team follows the Google developer's and the Microsoft's documentation style guide. The style rules are configured with the help of Vale linter.

Reviewer 2: Link it? 🤔

```suggestion
The team follows the Google developer's and the Microsoft's documentation style guide. The style rules are configured with the help of [Vale](https://vale.sh/) linter.
```

## Prerequisites
Please ensure that the below prerequisites are met before you configure vale linter. You should have:

* [Brew](https://brew.sh) installed on your Mac, or [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) installed on your Windows machine.

> > For windows, you could also use the command prompt and curl command to install brew - `curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install.sh`

Reviewer 2: This is a part of the above bullet point right? Aligning it with three spaces will make it look much clearer. Similarly for the other points. 😃

```suggestion
   > For windows, you could also use the command prompt and curl command to install brew - `curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install.sh`
```

* Vale installed on your mac/window. 

> If not already installed, you could install vale using `brew install vale` for mac, or `choco install vale` on Windows. Once installed, verify the version ` vale -v`. You can also check the [Vale installation page](https://vale.sh/docs/vale-cli/installation/) for other options.

* Install the [vale extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=errata-ai.vale-server) for VS Code Editor.

> You could also use [vale cli](https://vale.sh/docs/vale-cli/overview/). 

## Setup

> Clone the documentation [appsmith-docs](https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith-docs) repository and open it in VS Code Editor. Create a branch that you need to work on. Configure the vale extension to read the `.vale.ini` file. Go to Extension Settings --> Select `Workspace` tab --> Set up the path of `.vale.ini` file for `Vale › Vale CLI: Config` parameter. 

Reviewer 2: This sounds like a sequence of steps to follow. Can we make it a numbered list please?

Author: done.

# Style Guide
The team follows the Google developer's and the Microsoft's documentation style guide. The style rules are configured with the help of [Vale](https://vale.sh/) linter.

## Prerequisites
Please ensure that the below prerequisites are met before you configure vale linter. You should have:

* [Brew](https://brew.sh) installed on your Mac, or [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) installed on your Windows machine.

>    > For windows, you could also use the command prompt and curl command to install brew - `curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install.sh`

Reviewer 2: I think I made a mistake here. This is a bulleted list, so to align with content, we need just two spaces instead of three.

```suggestion
  > For windows, you could also use the command prompt and curl command to install brew - `curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install.sh`
```

* Vale installed on your mac/window. 

> > If not already installed, you could install vale using `brew install vale` for mac, or `choco install vale` on Windows. Once installed, verify the version ` vale -v`. You can also check the [Vale installation page](https://vale.sh/docs/vale-cli/installation/) for other options.

Reviewer 2: We needed to indent the quotes in _all_ bullet points.

```suggestion
  > If not already installed, you could install vale using `brew install vale` for mac, or `choco install vale` on Windows. Once installed, verify the version ` vale -v`. You can also check the [Vale installation page](https://vale.sh/docs/vale-cli/installation/) for other options.

```

* Install the [vale extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=errata-ai.vale-server) for VS Code Editor.

> > You could also use [vale cli](https://vale.sh/docs/vale-cli/overview/). 

Reviewer 2: This as well.

```suggestion
  > You could also use [vale cli](https://vale.sh/docs/vale-cli/overview/).
```

## Setup
Follow the below steps to setup the linter:

> * Clone the documentation [appsmith-docs](https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith-docs) repository and open it in VS Code Editor. 
> * Create a branch that you need to work on. 
> * Configure the vale extension to read the `.vale.ini` file. Go to Extension Settings --> Select `Workspace` tab --> Set up the path of `.vale.ini` file for `Vale › Vale CLI: Config` parameter. 

Reviewer 2: Can we make this a numbered list please? If I understand right, they are steps to be taken in order, right? Numbered lists are perfect for that. 🙂

```suggestion
1. Clone the documentation [appsmith-docs](https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith-docs) repository and open it in VS Code Editor. 
2. Create a branch that you need to work on. 
3. Configure the vale extension to read the `.vale.ini` file. Go to Extension Settings --> Select `Workspace` tab --> Set up the path of `.vale.ini` file for `Vale › Vale CLI: Config` parameter. 
```

Quoting Google's Technical Writing Course at https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/lists-and-tables:

> Use a bulleted list for unordered items; use a numbered list for ordered items.
